(Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho’s Public Domain License
Covering all terms and conditions for this license

ID:
chewkeanho-pdos

Version:
v3.0.0

By:
(Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho
legal@hollowaykeanho.com

For:
Legal Entities Procuring Product subjected to this License

Available at:
https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13770769

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This agreement is made on the date and time whichever earliest either
specifically stipulated or by the first execution of any designated action
specified in the “Covenant Assignment, Ratification, and Tenure” section of
this Covenant herein:
BETWEEN
  1. The principal Entity (as defined in this Covenant) providing one or
     more Products (as defined in this Covenant) and/or Services
     (as defined in this Covenant) directly hereinafter refers as
     “PRINCIPAL”
  2. Any Entity (as defined in this Covenant) providing one or more
     Contribution(s) (as defined in this Covenant) for the betterment of
     the Product (as defined in this Covenant) directly or indirectly, with
     or without, independent or dependent of the PRINCIPAL’s involvement or
     authorizations hereinafter refers as “CONTRIBUTOR”
  3. Any Entity (as defined in this Covenant) providing Services
     (as defined in this Covenant) for delivering the values of the Products
     (as defined in this Covenant) directly or indirectly, with or without,
     independent or dependent of the PRINCIPAL’s and/or CONTRIBUTOR’s
     involvement or authorizations hereinafter refers as “CONCIERGE”
(PRINCIPAL, CONTRIBUTOR, and CONCIERGE shall be collectively referred to as
“Provisioning Parties”)
AND
  1. YOU, where you’re a legally liable Entity (as defined in this Covenant)
     authorized to use one or more Provisioning Parties’ Products
     (as defined in this Covenant) and/or Services
     (as defined in this Covenant) subjected to these terms and conditions
     herein hereinafter referred as “CLIENT”
(CLIENT shall be collectively referred to as “Receiving Parties”)

(the Provisioning Parties and the Receiving Parties shall be collectively
referred to as “Parties”)

WHEREAS:
  A. The Receiving Parties are desirous of appointing the
     Provisioning Parties for one or more of their Products
     (as defined in this Covenant) and/or Services
     (as defined in this Covenant). At the request of the Receiving Parties,
     the Provisioning Parties agrees to provide the values and services of
     the Products (as defined in this Covenant) and/or Services
     (as defined in this Covenant) to the Receiving Parties upon the terms
     and subject to the conditions set out in this Covenant.

NOTE THE PARTIES ARE AGREED as follows:


1 Definitions
  1.1 Words importing the singular number includes the plural number and
      vice versa.
  1.2 Words importing the masculine gender including feminine.
  1.3 Unless otherwise specified, all capitalized terms shall have the
      meaning set forth in this Covenant. All other terms not defined herein
      shall have the meaning as may generally be accepted by industrial
      based on context used herein.

"Author", "Creator" means the entities involving directly and indirectly
towards the Content creation, modification, actualization, and realization
such as but not limited to Us, the publishers, the inventors, the writers,
the designers, the editors, the curator, and etc.

"Content" means a literary, an appreciative value, or an artistic property
(such as but not limited to a text, book, title, writing, artwork, images,
movie, website, software, or musical composition) be it in its tangible
and/or intangible physical form that is capable of being produced,
reproduced, manufactured, printed, copied, sold, licensed, distributed,
transformed to another medium, translated, recorded or performed or
otherwise use (or not use) and to give it to another by will; and is
governed by copyrights laws, manufacturing laws,
intellectual properties laws, and other applicable governing laws of Yours
and Ours countries of operation and countries of residence.

"Contribute", "Contributing", "Contribution" means the action of producing
or directly referring to the work of authorship, craftsmanship, goods,
and services; including the original version of the Product or the Service
and any modifications or additions to that Product or Service or
Derived Product or Derived Service thereof; that is intentionally submitted
by the means of any form be it electronic, verbal, physical, or written
communication such as but not limited to logistical goods delivery,
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and
issue tracking systems to Us for inclusion in the Product or Service by Us
or by an Entity with submission authority for the work's owner rights with
the sole purpose of discussing and improving the Product or Service but
excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
designated in writing by Us as "Not a Contribution."

"Covenant" means the terms and conditions designated in this legally
binding document which can be but not limited to a contract, license,
agreement, terms and conditions, terms of use, or privacy policy agreed
by You and Us.

"Entity" means the union of the legally liable acting entity and all other
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with
that entity where "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect,
to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity such as
but not limited to an individual, a group of individuals,
a sole proprietorship, a partnership, a body corporate, governmental bodies
and agencies, or otherwise of any kind established under the laws,
rules and/or regulations for the time being in force and which may come
into force.

"Grant" means the specific and exclusive terms and conditions such as but
not limited to use rights, the type of ability, its effective periods,
its limitations and scopes, its conditions of use, its prohibitions,
its overriding terms, its amending terms, and Your Payment details approved
and permitted by Us for You delivered strictly in written format.

"Interface", "Interfacing" means the action of interacting with or directly
referring to an interactive control surfaces offered by a Product or a
Service, regardless of its intentional design or otherwise, externally for
its users to use and to control the Product's or the Service's operations
itself such as but not limited to control buttons hardware panels,
controller, User Interfaces, application programmable interfaces (API),
application binary interface (ABI), and piping valves controls.

"Notice" means all official bill statements, receipts, notices, requests,
notice of demands, writ of summons, all other legal processes and/or other
communications/documents.

"Payment" means a monetary transactional financial payable amount through
any facilitated Payment Method.

"Payment Method" means one or more facilitated official financial monetary
exchange channels such as, but not limited to: (i) bank transfer;
(2) e-wallet transfer; (3) credit card charging transfer; (4) cash transfer.

"Procure" means the action of obtaining a Product either though the means
of Purchase or provided freely by Us.

"Product" means a procurable tangible or intangible serviceable goods
(not to be confused with Service) such as but not limited to physical
products (example: software, source codes, compiled software binaries
& libraries, computing devices, graphic materials, Computer Aided Design
files, architecture artifacts, and clothing) and packaged services
(example: data processing services, content creation services, and
repair services) offered by Us.

"Purchase" means the action of obtaining a Product via the means of
performing one or more Payment.

"Service" means the required customer services offered by Us in order to
deliver a procured Product or a Contribution to the Product such as but
not limited to logistics, concierge, and etc.

"User Interface" means the end-user interactive Interface designed for You
to communicate with the Product and/or Service such as but not limited to
web application; web app; mobile app; books; manuals; smart devices; and
Our Web Portal.

"You", "Yours" means the Receiving Parties.

"Web Portal" means any browse-able Content platforms accessible via
computer network locally or remotely under a domain name
(e.g. hollowaykeanho.com) or an IP address of any version
(e.g. 127.0.0.1 or 0000:0000:0000:0000:0000:0000:0000:0001) alongside with
all its paths (e.g. www.hollowaykeanho.com/about) and all its subdomains
(e.g. legal.hollowaykeanho.com) of any kinds directly from Us and indirectly
from Our approved third-party service providers.

"We", "Us", "Our" means the Provisioning Parties and any of their
subsidiaries, affiliates, or successors.


2 Covenant Assignment, Ratification, and Tenure
  2.1 Should the Covenant is under version controlled, except when a valid
      and specific version is explicitly reproduced either through the
      locally available Covenant Notice file or declared and reproduced by
      the Product itself in which that specific version shall be enforced,
      the latest and greatest version of the entire Covenant including all
      its terms and conditions outside of this section shall always be
      prevail and be enforced over all its inferiors.
  2.2 This Covenant shall be ratified by You, be effective, and be in-force
      until terminated according to these terms and conditions starting on
      the date and time whichever earliest from one or more the explicitly
      specified actions herein such as but not limited to:
        2.2.1 fulfilling checkbox in web form submission from any of Our
              supported User Interfaces; OR
        2.2.2 Procuring the Product from any source with or without Ours’
              authorizations be it directly from Us or from a third-party
              Entity regardless of its affiliation with Us; OR
        2.2.3 using any part of the Content from the Procured Product by
              any means regardless of any of Our Covenant Grant approval
              status with You; OR
        2.2.4 actively or passively using, reading, analyzing, editing,
              modifying, updating, remixing, remastering, deleting,
              reverse engineering, or any unspecified action herein
              otherwise to the Product with or without Ours’ written
              authorizations; OR
        2.2.5 performing Payment upon the Product procurement; OR
        2.2.6 delivering formal written Notice referencing to this Covenant
              signed by You to Us; OR
        2.2.7 agreement upon any other Product or Service level external
              terms and conditions extended from this Covenant specified
              therein.
  2.3 You are not permitted to assign or novate any or parts of the rights
      and obligations under the Covenant to any party without Ours’ written
      approval.
  2.4 We may assign or novate all or parts of the Covenant to any third
      party by written Notice without prior consent from You and You shall
      agree to make all subsequent payments (if applicable) and commitment
      to Us as instructed in such further Notice.


3 Grant of Copyright License
  3.1 You have the permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute the
      Product for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.


4 Disclaimer of Warranty
  4.1 The Product is provided “as is” and the Creators disclaim all
      warranties with regard to this Product including all implied
      warranties of merchantability and fitness.


5 Limitation of Liability
  5.1 In no event shall the Creators be liable for any special, direct,
      indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting
      from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract,
      negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection
      with the use or performance of the Product.


6 Applying the Covenant to Your Product
  6.1 To apply this Covenant to Your Product, You shall attach the following
      boilerplate Notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets “[]” replaced
      with your own identifying information without including the brackets
      themselves.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Copyright [YEAR] [FULL_LEGAL_NAME] [CONTACT_LIKE_EMAIL_ADDRESS]


Licensed under the (Holloway) Chew, Kean Ho’s Public Domain License
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the
License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

                 https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.13770769

You have the permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this product
for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.

THE PRODUCT IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH
REGARD TO THIS PRODUCT INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT,
INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS PRODUCT.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  6.2 In lieu with Clause 6.1, the text should be enclosed in the
      appropriate comment syntax for the file format.
  6.3 We also recommend that a file or class name and description of
      purpose be included on the same “printed page” as the copyright Notice
      for easier identification within third-party archives.


7 Contact and Support
  7.1 We are reachable via the following channels:
        7.1.1 Email: hello@hollowaykeanho.com OR legal@hollowaykeanho.com
